
2.24.3

The application icon has been revamped (thanks Tirifto!), and an option to
exclude native markup when exporting to CSV or TSV has been added. Build files
were also updated.


2.24.2

A "drill" mode has been added.
Category navigation is now possible when the category pane is switched off.
Several bugs related to the new category properties dialog have been fixed.


2.24.1

Maintenance, and the addition of a category properties dialog.


2.24.0

Maintenance and minor feature enhancements.


2.20.0

A manual page, info page, and Russian language translation were added.
Build files were also updated.


0.0.16

A license menu has been added to the File Properties dialog. The quiz window now
includes a text entry area. New options have been added to the Preferences
dialog. New tagging and searching features have been added. CSV import and
export have been improved.


0.0.15

A German language translation has been added, a bug affecting case-insensitive
searching was fixed, and changes are now saved if the computer shuts down.

Ignuit is now an official GNU package with a project page at Savannah :^)

  http://savannah.gnu.org/projects/ignuit/
  http://ftp.gnu.org/gnu/ignuit/


0.0.14

The package now uses the latest GNU build files, and LaTeX support has been
improved. Several minor bugs have been fixed.


0.0.13

Several new audio and search features were added. Initial support for LaTeX was
also added. File properties can now include an optional homepage address.
jMemorize and Mnemosyne compatibility have been improved. Icons and buttons now
follow GNOME theme guidelines. Many other small changes were made.


0.0.12

Several new tagging, search, and user interface features were implemented.


0.0.11

Images and audio files can now be embedded in cards. New formatting tags were
added. A memory leak was fixed. 


0.0.9

Card expiry time is now based on the hour of testing. The card editor's undo
and redo feature has been improved. Several bugs have been fixed.


-----

    Copyright (C) 2008, 2009, 2015, 2016 Timothy Richard Musson

    Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
    are permitted provided the copyright notice and this notice are
    preserved.

